as the bangles walk like an Egyptian and
it's 20 past 11 almost here on devaron
FM I've got two movie makers well same
aspiring pudding movie makers indeed
behind me and they're filming himself
and the film in the wind up doing some
kind of mini interview so if it all goes
a bit belly up this morning don't blame
me girl fan you do your shoes you do two
shows disco northern saw yes but sure
true love well probably I grew up with
Northern Soul so I would say probably
first and foremost no and soul wigan
northern soul yes did you go no I didn't
go too well I went to the casino once
and it was in the later days but I went
to Blackpool Mecca Blackpool Mecca was
mine that was up jumper anyway that was
your maker that was a district scooters
luck eras over again I would say
probably Wickham was the most famous
club Weeden casino but i would say
Blackpool Mecca was a massive venue for
Northern Soul fancier the venue's
popping up all over the police nobody so
isn't there phone no I'm so again yes
scary meet sort of having a little
research and it's gained a lot more
popular than it was there's lots of I
have friends now you live where I did in
the north of England to go to clubs
doing northern soul and stuff but
luckily the tunnels now birdee they are
northern song i think that i didn't
realize that until quite recently
actually that's news to me you have
about you went to go again like I said
look to go yet I they only create the
whole thing I think it's the dancing as
well it's the whole the whole thing
northern soul is is is it's not like
it's not like a disco really it's a it's
about the dancing it's all about the
dancing but that's what it that's you
know what it's all about how it's how
it's a style it's how you dress and
although that wasn't as exciting as the
dance
I've got to say she dress up we used to
wear wide very blurred skirts so that
when you did the spins all the skirts
came out and the boys used to were sort
of bags and used to work in the Brooks
these were broke yet so that they would
slip on the floor and you know so the
their feet would slip very quickly and
did the sheikra stuff on the floor
pretty danced no I think I think we just
we used to i started off when i was very
young when started when I was about 14
and we still go to a local club and that
was my introduction to northern so and
what happened was they used to we it
wasn't we weren't allowed to drink or
anything like that and in between the
northern soul slots they were like
ballroom slots so you can to learn
ballroom dancing alongside non so but it
was a sort of excuse to you know your
parents to be out clubbing sort of two
or three nights a week and used to get
the bus home and then when I was a
little bit old when I was 16 I was
started going to Blackpool Mecca so sit
and and it is it was all about the
dancing really and the fact that you
know you were older because you liked
the music did your dances have means
specifically were seasoned it moves you
know like backdrops and obviously spins
and they wanted to people if they were
really excellent that they used it and
climb up the wall and backdrop flip is
it so to the sama this ice skating moves
I named after Northern Soul moose I
don't who know I'm something I didn't
appear as possible as possible I'm gonna
have to just include